Adding organization section (#29796)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/organizations/mapping-organization-claims.adoc

[id="mapping-organization-claims_{context}"]

=  Mapping organization claims
[role="_abstract"]

> When authenticating in the context of an organization, the access token is automatically updated with specific claims
> about the organization the user is a member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When authenticating in the context of an organization, the access token is automatically updated with specific claims
about the organization where the user is a member.
```

> To map organization-specific claims into tokens, a client needs to request the `organization` scope when sending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To map organization-specific claims into tokens, a client needs to request the *organization* scope when sending
```

authorization requests to the server.

As a result, the token will contain a claim as follows:

```json
"organization": {
  "acme": {}
}
```

> The organization claim can be used by clients (e.g.: from ID Tokens) and resource servers (e.g.: from access tokens)
> to authorize access to protected resources based on the organization that a user belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization claim can be used by clients (for example, from ID Tokens) and resource servers (for example,from access tokens)
to authorize access to protected resources based on the organization where the user is a member.
```

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/29796/commits/a918d225a4544d42bcffcf354ce39289e82e82a8.

> The organization scope is a built-in optional client scope at the realm. As such, it is added to any client created
> in the realm, by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organization scope is a built-in optional client scope at the realm.  Therefore, this scope is added to any client created
in the realm, by default.
```

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/29796/commits/a918d225a4544d42bcffcf354ce39289e82e82a8.

[id="mapping-organization-claims_{context}"]

> =  Mapping Organization Claims

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=  Mapping organization claims
```
